Hello everyone of intermission, that's power r 5 series
love is a
Today is a product review, though
It is a new nurse's new concealer, but this is
That Radiant Creamy Concealer
Maybe this month
In Toka America I know ten different colors, but in this 1244 number of them in five colors in Japan
It becomes a color called custard
It's a little bit too hot, so it 's a hot color on the skin that I've ruled on
Besides, of course, pink tone color or darker color
There was to Fu that more white color stuff
This is better
Do you become a leaflet
This is ten meals in all
So I think that in Japan there was a color just around the middle here and there
I will
A Te
Of course the names are similar, so I think they are understandable .
I say it 's a pure pheasant tt for the nurse, it's here
Compatibility with this is a batch so both today
I already use it
I'm just a little pokkot and I'm getting married here and the country is always dark
What this week and concealer of various Mac
Even though I'm certain I've used a variety or a concealer of Revlon
By any means
After painting
Boo flower
Take off with Dimi pom pom and familiar city
Most foundation and Kedomo I just
I am familiar without any boundaries
Even though it has been hours since there is no feeling that the concealer has become special
I am surprised such a feeling
Of about not Kawan true other now be seen in the late night painted it in about noon yesterday
In either of the apparent
Of course each dent is a fact
Even though we know it
Do you see that this stain is also thinner than usual ?
This is really going to use more and more concealer
I stand out but
In fact here like this
I'm fighting tick but I'm already doing teak, for example
this
Put it true
ThatLookLikeThis
Recently I brushed teak again from above
I think it's so hard to understand now because this concealer has been taken away
I will
You can go in at this in another all this one Toka around the around the nose of the mouth
Yes
How to do a little color
Brightness
I really use it as a concealer because it may not come
Of course I just bought it
I do not know If you do not take a little more using the I mean if you really say
But
It is really nice to say that as the second impression pressure to say first
I asked this to see the color at the counter and I thought it would be a day to think about it one day
But also
Even after all what very well think that is good not to have the painted felt
I returned to the world again and went to that day and bought this
In a
When
Coverage is
Medium to high- quality fab children
It depends on whether you can add layers but
More and more depending on the number of times the paint that
That flower can go up the cash register here
It seems that there is a light camouflage effect
Let Deko degree of light and paint to Toka such'll Ntoko was painted
Damage skip a guy are you stain or wrinkle
It is supposed to fly the key with light
The most effective is moisturizing skin care I like moisturizing I so dry skin
Because this foundation is said to be moisturizing as a moisturizer
It's also moist, so go and it wo n't dry at all
Wrinkle is there is little to be or have been conspicuous use after the elapsed time
For now
So dry skin
From well
Normal skin
Is it kind of kind of oily skin?
Because it is this two troubles
By all means from normal to plain skin
Wonder if Tari will try
It is the impression of feeling say
So much smell apart
I'm not talking about this at last
Both alcohol and parapen should be clean
Synthetic fragrance nonuse parapen is free
So why not try it by all means
The No answer in the range to be answered if it is possible to put in a comment below if you have questions
If you are happy please
Then there are two sites bye